readme.md, before:

Readme file for Terminal Application;

This Terminal Application (Information Storage) is an app designed to take in users information and store it, so people and or businesses know where they are from and what that person's name is for their Development purposes.

It also has a feature to Delete ALL stored information incase of a Data Leak or they want to refresh it all..

The requirements for this Terminal is;
colored ==2.2.3
python3
pytest
venv
bash
GitHub
Bash / VS Code / Terminal

<!-- PLEASE NOTE: Computer Specs required:
Atleast a computer with a Core i3 and above, with 8GB or more Ram.
Mac computer with Silicon Chip or a Core i5 and above and 8GB or more Ram.

Compatible with Mac OS High Sierra or higher and Windows 10 or Later -->

Thank you for choosing Information Storage and hope you find it useful!

`This terminal app has been tested on a Mac running the new Silicon Processor with Mac OSX Sonoma for your information...`
`Also has been tested on Windows 10 with Core i5 CPU, 16GB ram...`

Will put the Powerpoint/Slide Deck presentation into the Terminal Application folder with all other items.

This Readme is for Example Purposes. Actualy Readme.md file will be put in the Actual Folder.

Commit message:

Added links in Readme file

readme.md, after:

Readme file for Terminal Application;

This Terminal Application (Information Storage) is an app designed to take in users information and store it, so people and or businesses know where they are from and what that person's name is for their Development purposes.

It also has a feature to Delete ALL stored information incase of a Data Leak or they want to refresh it all..

The requirements for this Terminal is;
colored ==2.2.3
python3
pytest
venv
bash
GitHub
Bash / VS Code / Terminal

<!-- PLEASE NOTE: Computer Specs required:
Atleast a computer with a Core i3 and above, with 8GB or more Ram.
Mac computer with Silicon Chip or a Core i5 and above and 8GB or more Ram.

Compatible with Mac OS High Sierra or higher and Windows 10 or Later -->

Thank you for choosing Information Storage and hope you find it useful!

`This terminal app has been tested on a Mac running the new Silicon Processor with Mac OSX Sonoma for your information...`
`Also has been tested on Windows 10 with Core i5 CPU, 16GB ram...`

Link to video of Terminal Application and Slide Deck:
`Youtube: https://youtu.be/liGG-iw5BwU`

Link to GitHub Repo:
https://github.com/nikthebest3/Terminal_ApplicationT1A3
